hey my sweet vs it's the sweetest vegan
here today on the show we will be making
hot cross buns now I didn't grow up
eating a hot cross buns for Easter but
some people say that they are synonymous
with that green Easter grass and I know
what that is so let's get started on the
recipe so a large pot over medium heat
you're gonna add in your almond milk
canola oil and raghava nectar heat that
until it is just warm and we're moving
from me you just want to take that
refrigerator chill off of it but if it
starts to simmer our boil you're gonna
have to let it cool down to like just
above room temperature so you don't kill
your yeast
speaking of yous you're going to add in
your dry active yeast stir that in until
it is well dissolved then we're going to
add in bread flour and whole wheat white
flour stir that together until it forms
a dough and your dough will be very wet
that's how it's supposed to look if it
looks too liquidy though add a little
bit more flour cover it with a clean
linen and place it in a warm place for
an hour when you come back to it it
should have risen and at least doubled
in size and now we're ready to add in
our baking powder and baking soda stir
that into the dough until it is well
mixed now you want to lightly flour a
clean surface I don't really ever trust
how clean my services are so I always do
mine on parchment paper but place your
dough onto the lightly floured parchment
paper and Pat it into a square foot I'm
going to dust on some cinnamon nutmeg
and I'm using chopped dates the original
recipe says he's current which I can
never find but while I was looking for
courage on the raisin aisle which I was
going to replace the roof
I saw chop dates and I really love dates
and that's the key to cooking you can
use whatever you want in this my recipe
so I'm gonna use it
chalk aids fold over your dough and Pat
it back
and repeat this two more times sprinkle
on a little cinnamon little nutmeg more
dates fold it over Pat it down once
you've completed that pinch-off golf
ball-sized pieces of dough roll them in
your hand and then place them on a
baking sheet better spin line with
parchment paper cover your dough balls
with a clean linen and let them rise
again for 30 more minutes while that 30
more minutes is tick tick ticking
on-body pre-heat your oven to 400
degrees bake your Hot Cross Buns for 15
to 20 minutes until they have risen in
the oven and brown over the top take
them out and let them cool on a cooling
rack and make your icing to make the
icing I'm going to add icing sugar our
powdered sugar to a ziplock bag along
with a little lemon juice massage that
together and then I'm going to add a
little bit of almond milk just to thin
it out just a little bit more make sure
it's no clumps left in your powdered
sugar and it's all smooth else this will
not work cut a tiny tip at the corner of
your ziploc bag and squeeze out a cross
decoration over each bun and we're done
we're ready to taste these I like these
hot cross buns and I think they will
make a good breakfast bread or even a
savory dinner roll but I do wish to have
more sugar in my bread the dates are
really sweet so whenever you run into a
date you're like oh that's so sweet and
I did have a little bit of sugar if you
remember in our almond milk mixture but
not a lot of sugar like in with the
cinnamon and the Nutmeg
and I couldn't add it on there but if
you're watching your sugar it's good and
everybody needs less sugar
so I'll just have to get over it thanks
for watching today if you enjoyed this
video please subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
this whole grain and the white flour has
a milder texture and flavor than the red
flower and I don't know people care
moving on